docs: move data.fields line in README (#320)
fastify/fastify-multipart: README.md

})
```

**Note** about `data.fields`: `busboy` consumes the multipart in serial order (stream). Therefore, the order of form fields is *VERY IMPORTANT* to how `fastify-multipart` can display the fields to you.

> We would recommend you to place the value fields first before any of the file fields.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
We would recommend you place the value fields first before any of the file fields.
```

> It can ensure your fields will be accessible before start consuming any file.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
It will ensure your fields are accessible before it starts consuming any files.
```

> If you cannot control the order of the placed fields, be sure to read `data.fields` *AFTER* consuming the stream, or it will contain only the fields parsed at that moment.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you cannot control the order of the placed fields, be sure to read `data.fields` *AFTER* consuming the stream, or it will only contain the fields parsed at that moment.
```
